Audit Results for dcmademedia.com
B-
Your page could be better
B+
On-Page SEO

F
Links

A-
Usability

A
Performance

D
Social

Report Generated: 20 March 10:26PM UTC Refresh Results Now

Improve Your Site With Our DIY SEO Tool
Review unlimited pages. Crawl your whole site for problems and get clear, easy to follow recommendations with guides for your CMS. Monitor your keyword rankings and get regular updates on your site's performance.

Helping Business Owners promote their websites the affordable way.


Recommendations
Toggle:
Execute a Link Building Strategy
LinksHigh Priority
Reduce length of title tag (to between 50 and 60 characters)
On-Page SEOMedium Priority
Shorten meta description (to between 120 and 160 characters)
On-Page SEOMedium Priority
Add Canonical Tag
On-Page SEOMedium Priority
Optimize your images to reduce their file size
PerformanceLow Priority
Optimize your page for Mobile PageSpeed Insights
UsabilityLow Priority
Increase page text content
On-Page SEOLow Priority
Create and link your Facebook Page
SocialLow Priority
Implement an analytics tracking tool
On-Page SEOLow Priority
Setup & Install a Facebook Pixel
SocialLow Priority
Add a DMARC mail record
OtherLow Priority
Create and link associated Instagram profile
SocialLow Priority
Create and link an associated YouTube channel
SocialLow Priority
Add business address and phone number
OtherLow Priority
On-Page SEO Results
B+
Your On-Page SEO could be better
Your page has some level of On-Page SEO optimization but could be improved further. On-Page SEO is important to ensure Search Engines can understand your content appropriately and help it rank for relevant keywords. You should ensure that HTML Tag Content is completed correctly and align text content to target keywords.
Title Tag
You have a title tag, but ideally it should be shortened to between 50 and 60 characters (including spaces).

Robert Baer | DC Web & Mobile App Developer | NGO & Political Websites

Length : 78
Title tags are very important for search engines to correctly understand and categorize your content.
Meta Description Tag
Your page has a meta description tag however, your meta description should ideally be between 120 and 160 characters (including spaces).

Washington DC-based React & React Native developer specializing in political campaigns, NGO websites, and association platforms. Expert in creating custom web and mobile solutions for organizations in the DC metro area.

Length : 223
A meta description is important for search engines to understand the content of your page, and is often shown as the description text blurb in search results.
SERP Snippet Preview
This illustrates how your page may appear in Search Results. Note, this is intended as a guide and Search Engines are more frequently generating this content dynamically.
https://dcmademedia.com⋮
Robert Baer
Washington DC-based React & React Native developer specializing in political campaigns, NGO websites, and association platforms. Expert in ...
Hreflang Usage
Your page is not making use of Hreflang attributes.
Language
Your page is using the lang attribute.

Declared: English
H1 Header Tag Usage
Your page has a H1 Tag.
H2-H6 Header Tag Usage
Your page is making use multiple levels of Header Tags.

Header Tag	Frequency	
H2	5	
H3	14	
H4	1	
H5	0	
H6	0	
Keyword Consistency
Your page's main keywords are distributed well across the important HTML tags.
Individual Keywords
Keyword	Title	Meta Description Tag	Headings Tags	Page Frequency	
react				17	
native				8	
development				8	
app				7	
experience				6	
web				6	
projects				5	
robert				4	
Phrases
Phrase	Title	Meta Description Tag	Headings Tags	Page Frequency	
react native				8	
digital experiences				3	
using react				3	
polling app				3	
robert baer				2	
react react				2	
exceptional digital				2	
mobile development				2	
Amount of Content
Your page has a low volume of text content which search engines can interpret as 'thin content'.

Word Count: 480
It has been well researched that higher text content volumes are related to better ranking ability in general.
Image Alt Attributes
You do not have any images missing Alt attributes on your page.
Canonical Tag
Your page is not using the Canonical Tag.
The Canonical Tag tells Search Engines the primary URL of a page. Google recommends all pages specify a Canonical.
Noindex Tag Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Tag which prevents indexing.
Noindex Header Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Header which prevents indexing.
SSL Enabled
Your website has SSL enabled.
HTTPS Redirect
Your page successfully redirects to a HTTPS (SSL secure) version.
Robots.txt
Your website appears to have a robots.txt file.
http://dcmademedia.com/robots.txt
Blocked by Robots.txt
Your page does not appear to be blocked by robots.txt.
XML Sitemaps
Your website appears to have an XML sitemap.
https://dcmademedia.com/sitemap.xml
Analytics
We could not detect an analytics tool installed on your page.
Website analytics tools like Google Analytics assist you in measuring, analyzing and ultimately improving traffic to your page.
Schema.org Structured Data
You are using JSON-LD Schema on your page.
Links
Backlink Summary
You have a reasonably weak level of backlink activity to this page.
Search Engines use backlinks as a strong indicator of a page's authority, relevance and ranking potential. There are various strategies available to gain links to a page to improve this factor
0
Domain
Strength

0
Page
Strength

 0
Backlinks
 0
Referring Domains
 0
Nofollow Backlinks
 0
Dofollow Backlinks
 0
Edu Backlinks
 0
Gov Backlinks
 0
Subnets
 0
IPs
Top Backlinks
We haven't found any backlinks to report for this site.
Top Pages by Backlinks
We haven't found any Top Pages data for this site.
Top Anchors by Backlinks
We haven't found any Anchor Text data for this site.
Top Referring Domain Geographies
We haven't found any Geographic Data for this site.
On-Page Link Structure
We found 14 total links. 100% of your links are external links and are sending authority to other sites. 0% of your links are nofollow links, meaning authority is not being passed to those destination pages.
Friendly Links
Your link URLs appear friendly (easily human or search engine readable).

Create White Label PDFs
Upload your own logo and company's contact details. Generate unlimited PDFs under our White Label plans. See an example PDF Report

Embed the Audit Tool into your website. Get notified of leads straight from your website.


Usability
A-
Your usability is good
Your page is mostly usable across devices. Usability is important to maximize your available audience and minimize user bounce rates (which can indirectly affect your search engine rankings).
Device Rendering
This check visually demonstrates how your page renders on different devices. It is important that your page is optimized for mobile and tablet experiences as today the majority of web traffic comes from these sources.
Google's Core Web Vitals
Google is indicating that they do not have 'sufficient real-world speed data for this page' in order to make a Core Web Vitals assessment. This can occur for smaller websites or those that are not crawl-able by Google.
Use of Mobile Viewports
Your page specifies a viewport matching the device's size, allowing it to render appropriately across devices.
Google's PageSpeed Insights - Mobile
Google is indicating that your page is scoring poorly on their Mobile PageSpeed Insights evaluation.

Note that this evaluation is being performed from US servers and the results may differ slightly from an evaluation carried out from Google's PageSpeed Web Interface as that reporting localizes to the region in which you are running the report.
Google has indicated that the performance of a webpage is becoming more important from a user and subsequently ranking perspective.
80
Lab Data	Value
First Contentful Paint	3.4 s
Speed Index	5.1 s
Largest Contentful Paint	3.5 s
Time to Interactive	3.5 s
Total Blocking Time	0.01 s
Cumulative Layout Shift	0.001
Opportunities	Estimated Savings
Eliminate render-blocking resources	1.06 s
Avoid multiple page redirects	0.63 s
Reduce unused JavaScript	0.35 s
Google's PageSpeed Insights - Desktop
Google is indicating that your page is scoring well on their Desktop PageSpeed Insights evaluation.
96
Lab Data	Value
First Contentful Paint	0.8 s
Speed Index	1.1 s
Largest Contentful Paint	0.9 s
Time to Interactive	1.2 s
Total Blocking Time	0.13 s
Cumulative Layout Shift	0
Opportunities	Estimated Savings
Eliminate render-blocking resources	0.26 s
Avoid multiple page redirects	0.19 s
Flash Used?
No Flash content has been identified on your page.
iFrames Used?
There are no iFrames detected on your page.
Favicon
Your page has specified a favicon.
Email Privacy
No email addresses have been found in plain text on your page.
Legible Font Sizes
The text on your page appears to be legible across devices.
Tap Target Sizing
The links and buttons on your page appear to be appropriately sized for a user to easily tap on a touchscreen.
Performance Results
A
Your performance is good
Your page has performed well in our testing meaning it should be reasonably responsive for your users, but there is still room for improvement. Performance is important to ensure a good user experience, and reduced bounce rates (which can also indirectly affect your search engine rankings).
Page Speed Info
Your page loads in a reasonable amount of time.
Server Response
All Page Content Loaded
All Page Scripts Complete
Download Page Size
Your page's file size is reasonably low which is good for Page Load Speed and user experience.
Download Page Size
Download Page Size Breakdown
Website Compression (Gzip, Deflate, Brotli)
Your website appears to be using a reasonable level of compression.
Compression Rates
Raw Page Size Breakdown
Number of Resources
This check displays the total number of files that need to be retrieved from web servers to load your page.
11

Total Objects

 
2

Number of HTML Pages

 
1

Number of JS Resources

 
2

Number of CSS Resources

 
4

Number of Images

 
2

Other Resources

Google Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP)
This page does not appear to have AMP Enabled.
JavaScript Errors
Your page is not reporting any JavaScript errors.
HTTP2 Usage
Your website is using the recommended HTTP/2+ protocol.
Optimize Images
Your page appears to include images which are poorly optimized.
Properly formatting and compressing images can have a significant impact on page load performance.
Minification
All your JavaScript and CSS files appear to be minified.
Deprecated HTML
No deprecated HTML tags have been found within your page.
Inline Styles
No inline styles have been found within your page's HTML tags.
Social Results
D
Your social could be better
You do not appear to have a strong social presence or level of social activity (or we may just not be able to see your profiles!). Social activity is important for customer communication, brand awareness and as a marketing channel to bring more visitors to your website. We recommend that you have all of your profiles listed on your page for visibility, and work to build a following on those networks.
Facebook Page Linked
No associated Facebook Page found as a link on your page.
Facebook Open Graph Tags
Your page is using Facebook Open Graph Tags.
Facebook Pixel
We have not detected a Facebook Pixel on your page.
Facebook's Pixel is a useful piece of analytics code that allows you to retarget visitors if you decide to run Facebook Ads in future.
X (formerly Twitter) Account Linked
Your page has a link to a X profile.

https://twitter.com/robertsbaer
X Cards
Your page is using X Cards.
Instagram Linked
No associated Instagram profile found linked on your page
LinkedIn Page Linked
Your page has a link to a LinkedIn profile.

https://linkedin.com/in/robert-baer
YouTube Channel Linked
No associated YouTube channel found linked on your page.
YouTube Channel Activity
No associated YouTube channel found linked on your page.
Want to grow your YouTube Channel? Try our YouTube SEO Tool 
Local SEO
Address & Phone Shown on Website
We can't identify one or both of these components on the page. Missing: Address
Phone	+1 202 642 9753
Local Business Schema
Local Business Schema identified on the page.
ProfessionalService
Google Business Profile Identified
You can see information about your page's Google Business Profile within this report by signing up to one of our premium plans.
Want to improve your Local Search Presence? Try our Local SEO Tool 
Technology Results
Technology List
These software or coding libraries have been identified on your page.
Technology	Version
	Fastly	
	GitHub Pages	
HSTS	
	Varnish	
Server IP Address
185.199.108.153
DNS Servers
ns66.domaincontrol.com
ns65.domaincontrol.com
Web Server
GitHub.com
Charset
text/html; charset=utf-8
DMARC Record
This site does not appear to have a DMARC record in place.
DMARC records are important to improve email deliverability and combat spoofing.
SPF Record
This site appears to have an SPF record.

v=spf1 include:secureserver.net -all
Review Child Pages